it's time for a story
our book friendship stories
with winnie the pooh
all adventures are playing here
hundred tomorrow forest
Hello you have pure desire and his
to meet friends
our story today is reading
Owl in this story makes everyone
the same as me he reads his
friends a story before
you could go so far from all
best read in the Hundred Tomorrow Forest and
if his friends had fun on it
that he told him a story aloud like that
like on this beautiful spring day
as a trout begged us
Quiet
I should agree a little bit already
said I have birthday and tomorrow
maybe I'll be asked to talk
hold
Owl went away and took his book
Merkel said with kindness
I hope owl does not mind us
to read something
maybe it would appeal said pur
If we have something for his birthday
read aloud fantastic idea said ticker
everyone agreed
so knocked analyst higher I can get
He asked if you borrow a book
what can be said euro surprised since
none of the friends had any eternal life
I borrowed a book from Euler
which because I do not know exactly
kapo train
I just want to try a little
I also added Merkel and
me too
Everyone wanted to borrow a book
you goodness said piglet as he than
library considered you have one
couple of huge books did indeed said
reule but I also have that exactly once
it is right for you he gave piglets
very small book newly chosen for everyone
Make a book out of his friends as they leave
thought when they read all
they do not need me to learn anymore
make yourself comfortable to read
the first page was a picture of one
Beehive full of golden honey
Small rumbles it has no sense with
To read empty stomach, he said
he tucked his book under his arm
and marched home
Everywhere in the forest were the others
also busy with her reading
ticker let the whole first word in
his book and decided that with a
round hopping to celebrate
rapids garden book reminded him of it
that he should be in his garden you
was distracted by a rain shower
Russ prefers to play all the pictures
a leaf floating on piglet's book
reminded him that he was still capable
had to pu up next morning
He reached for a honey pot and saw it
book under his feet he said I
I forgot to read yesterday
learn
as the friends meet at owl
said pu sadly makes us terrible
sorry what owl asked
We all wanted a story for you
read aloud but we said pu
the many words could not
deciphered ticker to yours
Surprise Owl smiled his friends
So they did not have enough of them
read aloud when reading aloud today
you should not miss it
Merkel said
happy birthday
a review mainz first please yours
names russ beech
good that I agree yesterday
he said cheerfully he read
first book before and then the rest
All books were closed
opinion that it is one of the most beautiful
Birthdays she was ever celebrated
had
funny or owl reads to his friends
just as much as I like to see you
next time with new ones
friendship story until then